sponsor time everybody you ever open
your traditional wallet and feel
disgusted at the lack of optimization in
your current wallet
then look no further than the rich
wallet if you ever needed to take out
your legendary god card in an instant
then rich wallet is always the method to
do so
so get 10 off to date with free
worldwide shipping and free returns
by using code 0 or by using the link
down below not only does this support
the channel tremendously which by the
way guys during these quarantine months
the cpm of the channel
has dropped tremendously sponsors are a
vital source to keep the channel running
so please
go buy a wallet click the link down
below enjoy yourself a great product
with that said thank you so much rich
for sponsoring today's video
on we go
oh
no
[Laughter]
jack she's trying to style on you my god
please don't
i decided to make an alternate kind of
live stream streaming website and then
join a streamer playing smash ultimate
now the point is that they don't know
who is actually joining
but in the chat i am ashley is cutie
by the by the moment i typed in the chat
they were like oh yeah ashley
dude join the arena please join and i
was like yes
yeah see the funny part is that i made
my profile with like this anime girl
breast is coming out so every time you
click on my name on the chat it's just
you get this animal girl because
obviously if i'm an anime girl in the
chat
that means i'm an anime girl for real
real life that's the way that we think
now they don't know what to expect
oh i'm i'm corn alright yeah sure i'm
honest with you i don't think i've
played corin once in this game now i
play cory
it's not male porn
oh got him though
[Applause]
oh that did not even kill that would
have killed the smash board
oh hey not bad not bad ashley
you notice the three wise in my name
because that obviously
makes it stronger that i'm a girl
oh oh we're coming but we're going wild
wait i'm actually getting mine
oh see you later let me go
i'm gonna lean forward now it's gamer
time
oh he was mashed it up man it's fine
everyone gets one
the game always hit way harder than i
remembered
oh oh that still got me
oh nice sour swap though
oh oh
yeah oh hey big shrine
nice no
no man we need to go for more
this guy's not matching nearly as much
as i want him to man
[Music]
no oh see you later though that's not
killing
okay cory needs to buff no
after maybe yes wow
literally anything will kill me
no why did i man corn doesn't kill all
right
no oh let's go ashley taking the first
game baby
now we have to type in the chat yay with
the little cat the smelly
[Applause]
yo this guy said good luck ashley okay
this guy came with it in the full full
white
shiny armor don't worry miss ashley good
luck
[Music]
yo he camping me dude he can't be his
milady
[Music]
oh this dude matches straight up
that's fine oh
he's dead hey let's go
now that's the clutch baby
will help right here
[Music]
oh he's trying to forcefully super bad
go for the grab here no problem get him
off the level
[Music]
oh nah come on man
oh actually escargot yo ashley's edge
girls are
nasty
[Music]
oh i was massive dude
i put a winky face in chat oh my god the
guy said do i get a stim point for that
damn not on the simple leaderboard wow
i'm playing inkling okay
they're giving me all type of characters
the gecko gets the actual gecko
yeah ashley's kind of giving it to us
boys
[Music]
good thing i know how to play inkling i
guess just jabbing back here
you know i'm trying to get that super
bad
oh yeah he's blocking a lot so we're
getting a lot of regrets nice
[Applause]
[Music]
oh the jab cover dude he's taking a
beating dude
he's just losing the jab straight up
nope
nope oh
yeah so ashley's a legend dude
boys what's going on ashley's giving it
to us right now boys
nah you thought you could kill me nah
nice try dude
oh all right yeah nice try i'm actually
tempted
all right ashley i have to beat you know
nice try lol
ashley talks big
dude ashley's flexing all of us yeah
jack is simping
jack is absolutely simple playing ice
climbers this is not a good match
dude watch your ice be crazy
uh oh oh boys
boys we might have a problem
oh my god ice covers does not work like
that
see ya i actually use the main ice
climbers at some point in bro
zero in disguise
oh nice background all right this guy
this guy's playing plane
[Music]
wow that did not actually punish
oh i don't know what he was doing but oh
[Music]
oh oh i died but
let's see if anxio can stop her what if
it is zero and he's just like
he's throwing us off by um
by sd oh that might be it
oh yeah oh that was sick yo there's a
guy in chat who said this might be zero
and
maybe someone goes no no she is deep
this is what i said wow so a girl can't
be good
now they're gonna look so that's not
gonna look cute no that's not what she's
saying or that's
what jack's saying this room is like yo
kill bro
that girl can't be good oh my god dude
i'm
dying this is way too muddy
i want to win this one so i can bring
honor to my stream
oh all that thick dude
what she's moving man
[Applause]
oh boy you how that worked what
i don't even know how that's supposed to
work at all
wow that killed me no
no that almost was something i don't
think it is anymore i just think
ashley's really good this is funny
because this is very typical me
me she can't play
oh my god she's so i almost had a hot
combo yo
i feel like i'm doing everything i am
barely kind of getting by oh nice
i'll say your thing that zero will not
say hold up this is actually a good
place
i said i'll leave after this game no
don't leave
no don't leave something um you can stay
it's fun i'll be honest with you i i
don't think there was a point in time
where i really wanted to play richter
summit because i thought they were gonna
be like really good in the middle
but i guess that was wrong
dude she's kind of moving oh dude you
should have expected the nest attack
we'd like to get up attack
i'll heat that dead
yo that was the saltiest downstairs of
all time dude
[Laughter]
jesus christ
what the oh
[Music]
come on come on here we go jack no
you're come on jack no
come on dude yeah come on dude
jack you're gonna end up in ashley's
combo video if you go up there
i'm watching so intently oh
damn see you later amigo he did not fall
for the downer
what is going on yeah this guy's
completed in the chat
ashley you're too good good stuff okay
we'll play the doc we'll play the doc
real quick
let's see if gekko can get it done
[Music]
oh oh my god duck hunt is following me
that party
okay good we'll take them
oh this dude is messing
[Music]
ah that hit me oh my god
oh my god
that almost killed me oh yeah that's
broken i'm gonna try to do it again
duck hunt on random the killer of the
runs dude
all right we'll take our leave although
this does make me look more legit
because we lost
by ashley and now we dramatically leave
hold on i want to see if we create some
drama by leaving
i'm sorry jack accused you of being an
alternate account
i actually joined the discord only if
jack is not there
jack is the guy who accuses you of zero
now we made him an enemy
we socially engineer him that's so
bad he went from zip fit to beauty
all right and it's time to finally play
these guys seem to be a bit more
competitive
oh my god i got literally my worst cat
candy most likely for me to lose
i'll go
nope back through here
almost got him dude
[Music]
no oh my goodness
they're actually a nice lead too
[Music]
nice let's go coming back slowly dude
getting the hang for this sonic die
oh i did not even know he was gonna go
that way
no
[Music]
oh my god he's grabbing so much you know
what his k
rule it makes people feel bad about
themselves
kids kids the next zero video the next
15 year old prodigy he's already
destroyed sam
sora
[Music]
how that hit me oh my god
oh the goal oh my god we weakened that
steel just enough this guy was winning
the arena
meeting everybody i would be here like
probably my worst character dude let's
go
oh my god that was so shaky ashley
taking the dub
now freak gets his chance oh my god i'm
getting an ike versus
i'm getting the worst matchups i think
this ike was the other guy winning what
the hell is this
all right i'm moving with pete right now
let's go
i just remember i have toad i'll
probably just push him off the level
yep easy thumb right there dude let's go
yo so i forgot counted just jesus likes
recovery so hard
nice it's easy y'all count it actually
made it so easy
i don't want to play [__] it gets oh
wait it's random so
it might not be peach this time dark pit
why is this the second time i get dark
pig this is so random
oh my god
oh i was finishing oh nice
barely got that edge guard dude all
right we're running this arena dude
[Applause]
what the what the nice oh that was so
thick
why was that that was crazy
[Music]
oops all right see the mistakes make it
a little more real
oh my god he got me with the same thing
toys
i'm trying to i'm trying to attack so
hard
that was the funniest double doubt dude
we're both just trying to change each
other
i checked that are you got him
i knew i i learned from my first mistake
and i tried to take it that time and i
still got body there is a baby playing
smash brothers and you were trying to
reverse near him off stage the baby just
dies
oh my god they're giving me all my worst
characters dude they want me to lose so
bad you all already know the legend of
zero's real
ken
[Music]
all right we're doing good this donkey
gun is kind of strong
oh the side b all right oh the f tilts
hope the leg no i'm gonna get kicked out
of spectating
oh my god how did that not hit
hit the triple up switch
this will not kill
the weak neutrality my goodness
nice we're getting a little combo here
no
oh i definitely don't be
the double force man double matching
just run up for the grab dude
[Applause]
[Music]
we're moving now there's zero real
moving this never happens
[Music]
i never do any plays with rio whatsoever
at all that is sick
oh my god why is it not giving me like
any just
common characters why am i getting like
the weirdest stuff
this sucks dude
oh oh come on dude
dude i almost died from that one
eighteen that's why i was so worried
he's getting
oh no no
oh okay
[Music]
nice we're getting we're getting
percentage back because he also heals
for this
oh he's lagging so hard
dude what is this lag
yes let's go
that was lagging so bad at the end oh my
god i was first out of my mind
freaks ganon doing his best all right
here we go
piranha plan for snake now that is
another character that i literally just
don't believe
[Music]
you might have thought that was
intentional but it was not
now what are you doing that too
[Music]
nope oh he tried he tried to finesse
that just in peace
[Music]
ah there was not much i could have done
oh i just want
[Music]
oh is that a confirm are they up there
right there
is that the game that looked like ashley
could have upgraded there i'm not
let's sure oh
i was stressed out of my mind no oh here
we go
oh my god i'm getting every weird cat
cuz we're just not playing any normal
character today
[Music]
wow i thought he was going to do
something else
oh that killed oh sells that okay
and why is smash now that's so difficult
oh the trick oh i didn't work i did kick
him
oh i read that spot though super hard
[Music]
oh rent the roll yo
oh i almost did magic oh my god
[Applause]
[Music]
the guardian just enough so will not hit
him now that is precision
i'm stupid i'm so stupid
oh my god it didn't reach and then i
tried to counter whatever she was gonna
fall on me with and she delayed it just
enough
all right ninja angelo and freak are
going to pop their games in and then
we're going to call it a day so he's
about to end the stream right before he
does we're going to reveal to him
but he doesn't know sam is the good
character against luigi though all luigi
players
absolutely hate playing against samus
[Music]
[Laughter]
said his least favorite characters are
sonic and bale but i feel like he's
going to learn to hate samus
nope oh the upbeat trick oh he almost
died actually
you're dead oh you're almost there
yeah gg that was the quickest game dude
all right last game we're gonna have
freak vs ashley all right so we're one
match away
from being able to be undefeated dr
mario all right
bayonetta i'm so bad at people though
trying really hard
[Music]
oh no
oh this is bad
[Music]
oh he did not make it back
back
wow talking about a combo breaker
yeah we're gonna have to do something
like that all right come on
now hold on i gotta ask for a rematch
ashley's bayonetta finally taken down
freak zoid can i get one rematch with
them we're 1-1 uh it's up to freak
freak you want to play one more ah here
we go oh the revenge
will let him get the best of three all
right come on i can't lose the final
oh the pit all right all right that's
fine that's fine that's fine i can do it
back through
oh the fourth are here now you're not
gonna get away with it
i got the job
what this feels like smash 4 dude
both of them just run oh let's go baby
get in the least
man that is so easy to play with
no so bad oh no
that was so sad oh no
[Music]
how that hit me ah
no nice why does it keep kicking me out
that's so sad
[Music]
but if i die oh that is so cheesy
oh my god
man i killed you at 50. well we needed
to win to reveal it at the end
i guess they'll catch it in the video it
is my turn they say random
mm-hmm yo random though oh my god why do
i get
every single one of my bad characters
i had a problem
oh that's a bad recovery okay we're
gonna we got this
random over actually maybe someone's
facts that actually i'm still popping
off with the reveal random though
never see it coming huh
nope see you later right in the mouth
dude
oh that's bolt to hit man that counters
the whole stretch
oh my god that was so accidental
that actually killed a mouth no the eye
whatsoever no the eye
dude actually popped off this dude is
hype i like
all all right
oh and then the backer
nope see you later let me go
nope
oh dude i had it oh my god
see ya that'll be out of shield it's
broken it feels like an 80.
oh he gave up we had a ton dude we got a
ton
taco gave up on the hot woman my boxers
oh mega man
ah okay don't give me a bad catch okay
i'll take this
this is i i know how to play so though
nice
nope can't do that
[Music]
this dude's gonna embody these probably
up smashing randomly here
yep feel it oh my god
nope oh that [__] that was awful
back through
now
nice oh okay we took the free win with
israel
what destroyed this arena
more weird characters hey let's see if
my terry can pop off
all right time to buddy the streamer
himself shulk oh
and surely oh now that's a bite
oh god
i can't i couldn't do anything this
person's a god at every single
character i'm dying dude
my dude really die like that
[Music]
no i have the horseman dude
oh no no no no
i think is that pretty
are sure okay no there we go i don't
even know if shield will defend me
he's messing
let's go oh let's go baby
this is actually getting close
oh he's dead oh my gosh it's so cheap
i couldn't buff her shield what i
couldn't buffer my shield
do you die like a 50. dude ashley's
getting so lucky with these
randoms it's god-like he's like she's
gotten so lucky and i'm like nah
oh now i get a character i'm a little
more comfortable
see ya oh so he's gonna match forward
huh
i should just go to every character we
all suck chat
bruh and you're dead
oh my god he's gonna hit by the floor
somebody
might even be everything dude
oh that killed me oh my god
[Music]
nope see you later here yo the hero that
we beat us complaining
all right i hate this i just want to
have fun dude link
okay we'll be able to keep him out but
this guy was definitely
like hard
damn he really just ran into it he
wasn't thinking at all
[Music]
what about the three stock three
stockings
oh he gave up
dude ashley is popping off oh my god
it's the character i could actually lose
with i do not know
why do i keep getting rid on cancer
oh okay
um
nope he ran out of jump but he had to go
back in the level
[Music]
nope damn oh that killed okay i didn't
know it can't
go kill but that's effective all right
man winning we can win it with real
we're having a good day
pac-man all right i got this all right
all right we got this we got this
god actually the pac-man god as well
[Applause]
oh let's go baby
[Music]
wow
nope he hit the final smash ah that's
gotta be one of the most broken smash
decks in the whole game it's like
stronger than like
clouds for smash i think i forget which
smash that is stronger than but it's
like ridiculous
oh i got the hitbox
okay wait he's popping he's vibing
got him no you're trying to dump me that
get out of here
another piranha i feel like some
characters are just repeating even
though i have every character unlocked
that's a funny way to get a kill that's
all
ah fine
oh i have no idea how that did not hit
[Music]
me
nope you cannot land on a smash you
cannot land with a laggy move like that
on piranha's uh plant shield
i'll commercial kill like a seven i just
learned this but his offspring
is super strong little mac ah this this
this is a given now
okay kane's actually doing some work but
will he fall apart like most people have
[Music]
that almost killed
[Applause]
nope see you later
oh a whole sock in one play dude
what happened you're gonna attach that
huh
i was like you're gonna stay there scary
scared again conan
play while family is asking you
questions i put what a john
what a john ha ha i'll play one more
game no i want to be able to fight you
with my mane
hold on chad i want to be able to fight
ashley can you guys uh go into the
spectator stands real fast all right now
we're going to do the grand reveal
whether we win or leave sonic that's the
khaki i don't really play with that very
much
[Music]
this is rough
oh this is bro dude i have no idea what
i'm doing
[Music]
like back through here
oh this is bad we're gonna have to get
some some crazy gimmick to win this
good good we've random four smash that's
good
get elite going
[Music]
i love sonic
oh got him right on the header
don't die oh let's go
get mixed up
[Music]
that is so long gg i'm mad
good games man damn it see you on zero's
video
coming up see one zero's video coming up
dude if only i am zero haha you'll see
ticker zero right now
message me on twitter
[Music]
don't mind that i had you muted don't
buy this
yo he got exposed for muting me and
enough follow me on twitter
i'll accept this l accept the cell i'll
accept the self
zero you're getting that content i don't
mind i don't know man you meet me on
twitter maybe i'll be your roommate
zero here's the reason why i muted you i
have most uh people muted
backtracking hey anyway i hope you guys
enjoyed me invading streamers arenas
this time around playing random the
whole time
we had a mix of like people being like
yo what but i knew you guys love when i
do the reveal so i waited to do the
reveal at least with one person
but also i didn't want to blow my cover
because i'm jumping from stream to
stream so i mean if i blew my cover too
early other people will come from all
the stream and say that 0.0 it'll ruin
the shadows
that i'm covered by nonetheless i hope
you guys enjoyed today's video i thought
it was sick
and i hope you guys enjoy yourselves
make sure to subscribe and hit the bell
to stay tuned for all uploads
and i'll see you guys around tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
[Music]
you